Bai Fangyu's two wives will listen to you alone
You don't just know a few recipes, do you?
I will use the company to do projects for you for promotion.
You are worthless
Bai Fangyu, do you really think that the two wives are investing in your face?
At least not to your face
Hahaha, it's not because of me or because of you.
Stop putting money in your face.
What face do you have?
It's the face of eating and drinking
It's still a face to talk big, but without Mr. Chen, what are you still pretending to be?
Excuse me.
The current Chen Tianyi has nothing in my eyes
Bai Fangyu had better distinguish his catties and taels
You've been fine since you married me
Eat me and wear me
I also want to arrange for you to join the company
It seems that you have no other choice in the company
Learn to talk big
If you really have the ability to sway the minds of the wives
Then why don't you get revenge on us?
Okay, okay, it's the first time I've seen people in such a hurry
Since you asked for it
I will fulfill you
Mrs. Zhou and Mrs. Li are cutting off all their investments
Connect with all your contacts
Who dares to invest in Chen Tianyi?
Is to oppose me Bai Fangyu
Obey white gall